feat: add --ignore property/flag (#98)
benawad/destiny: README.md

  -h, --help                  Output usage information
  -w, --write                 Restructure and edit folders and files
  -S, --avoid-single-file     Flag to indicate if single files in folders should be avoided

>       --ignore {path}         .gitignore like file path expressions to ignore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --ignore [path]             Ignore file(s) / folder(s) by a file path or a glob pattern.
```
